docs: fix #2698 (#2714)
snakemake/snakemake: docs/snakefiles/rules.rst

MPI support
-----------

Highly parallel programs may use the MPI (:ref: [message passing interface](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Message_Passing_Interface)) to enable a program to span work across an individual compute node's boundary. 

> To actually use an HPC cluster with Snakemake, an [executor plugin is provided for the SLURM batch system](https://github.com/snakemake/snakemake-executor-plugin-slurm). You can find its documentation [here](https://github.com/snakemake/snakemake-executor-plugin-slurm/blob/main/docs/further.md).
> Users of different batch systems ought to refer to the [Snakemake profiles project](https://github.com/Snakemake-Profiles) for available plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To actually use an HPC cluster with Snakemake, an [executor plugin is provided for the SLURM batch system](https://github.com/snakemake/snakemake-executor-plugin-slurm). You can find its documentation [here](https://github.com/snakemake/snakemake-executor-plugin-slurm/blob/main/docs/further.md).
Users of different batch systems are encouraged to [provide further plugins](https://snakemake.github.io/snakemake-plugin-catalog/#contributing) and/or share their Snakemake configuration via the [Snakemake profiles project](https://github.com/Snakemake-Profiles) project.
```
